Qingqing, what do you mean by that?
I mean here
He didn't buy it at all, Xiao Junlin.
It was prepared for him under the night rain Fez
Sister Yufei
Don't you think
This thing
If you bought it for a few years and didn't take it out, you will forget it.
Manager Xiao, you are a man after all
If you really can't
Can you bring some local products?
Right, everybody?
Who said I didn't bring a gift?
This is my gift.
Is this the best blue and white porcelain?
I looked at the pattern
It's a bit like a bottle from a loose milk kiln.
As surprising as the workmanship of a porcelain vase
Is it really a latex porcelain bottle?
The third brother brings the porcelain bottle over and I will introduce it.
Grandma Xiao Jinglin likes antiques the most
If you dare to send a fake one to make grandma happy
And you're done for.
The patterns are more or less incomplete
This porcelain vase punishes me so whole and clear
Is it mom
If this is really the product that Da Song has given several times
That's worth tens of millions
Mom, what are you doing?
This is a military temple in the Song Dynasty.
How did you fall?
What bullshit Song Dynasty military temple
See for yourself what is written on this flat bottom.
Jiangnan Ru Porcelain Manufacturing Factory Suggested retail price is 25 yuan 8